Hey, all y'all.
What's going down?
My opinion of you.
What's with
the fake glasses?
As an actual glasses wearer,
this is offensive.
It's like non-disabled people
who park in handicapped spaces.
I was in and out
in three minutes, young lady,
and it was your stye medication
I was picking up.
That's a lot of bracelets there,
buddy.
Just ignore them.
They're being sheep.
(doorbell rings)
If I'd listened to
what other people said,
I'd never have rocked
my '90s frosted tips.
We've got pictures.
No, we don't.
You're an original, son.
When they made you,
they broke the mold.
What's good, L.D.?
Yo, Will.
Luke, um, there's no easy way
to ask this.
Are you in a boy band?
So, we're gonna go
hang at the pier.
You in?
Sounds cool,
but I don't know if I can.
That's right.
We got a big day planned.
He's coming to work
with the old man.
Sorry.
Next time.
Deuces.
Word to your mothers.
Seriously, David.
Tell your mom I say hi.
CLAIRE: There she is --
our little genius.
Look at
my conscientious little girl
getting ready to leave
for college a whole day early.
I'm leaving today.
What?
No.
No, no. No, no.
We have a plan.
I-I was gonna make
your favorite meal for dinner,
and then we were gonna fight
because of separation anxiety,
and then tomorrow morning,
we would make up before
you leave for good.
I just --
Oh!
No, no, guys, this is
exactly why I didn't tell you!
But I can't take you.
I have a showing.
I was gonna burn a CD
of goodbye songs for the ride.
I have never felt better
about a decision.
Look,
I'm only 30 minutes away,
and I'll be back
in a couple of weeks.
I already asked Haley
to take me.
Well, I better get going.
You may each hug me
for five seconds.
I want you to know that
you'll always be my little girl.
(singing)
Goodbye, Nor--
Time's up. Mom.
I am so proud of you,
and I know you're gonna achieve
great things in this world,
and I just read about this new
nail polish that changes colors
if you dip it in
a drink that has a roofie --
-Next.
-I'm good.
All right, cool.
Well, I will text you guys
when I get there.
I'm taking
his five seconds.
♪♪
It's a tragedy --
no other way to put it.
Such a beautiful day,
too.
We just have to accept that
Lily has a soccer game
and we all
have to be there.
You were supposed to
make an excuse.
I'm sorry!
I ran into Cam
at the market.
He asked if we could go.
I panicked.
I shot myself
in the foot.
Oh, yeah,
you shot yourself on your foot,
you put your foot
in your mouth,
you put the shoe in
the wrong foot.
What is with you Americans
and the foot?
I hate that painting,
by the way.
I'm having the last cronut.
I'm so depressed.
I'm sorry, kid.
I think Andy ate it.
So the game starts at 2:00,
right?
Jay ate
the last cronut.
No one likes
a tattletale, kid.
Thank you, baby,
for being so honest.
So we should leave
in about an hour.
What is this "we"?
I have to go and register Joe
for the winter camp.
Mommy's going to
buy shoes.
I did not raise
a rat!
Nobody
gets out of this.
World's worst sport,
world's worst players of it.
22 girls in a cluster
zig-zagging across a field
like a busted Roomba.
Except the only thing it sucks
up is two hours of my life.
Behold,
the unsellable house.
Two years on the market,
it's crushed the soul of
every real-estate agent in town.
Todd and Terry Taylor,
the spouses selling houses --
They're no longer either.
I used to love
going to work with my dad
to his grocery store,
Frank's Food Town.
I got to watch him
crack up the deli team
by pretending to lose a finger,
or he'd pull out an orange
from the pyramid
and somehow,
it wouldn't fall.
I don't care
what the sign out front said --
savings wasn't king.
My dad was.
You know,
with Alex leaving,
you and I are gonna get to
spend a lot more time together.
Wait.
What the whatsit?
Those are duck eggs.
Cool. So --
Remember how you and I used to
talk about raising ducklings
and building them
a little bird circus?
Kind of.
Hey, how long do you think
we're gonna be here today?
Oh, I like
where you're going with this --
make it
a time challenge.
I think I can get 'er done
in under five hours.
That'll leave us time
to get to the trampoline park.
Oh, and surprise.
We're going to
the trampoline park.
Boing!
(sobbing)
His life will be rem--
(sobbing intensifies)
No.
So, busy time
at the house lately.
Fun busy.
I've taken on some work
helping people
with estates and wills.
It's sadder
than I thought it would be.
Fun sad.
No, no, don't shoot!
Bang, bang, bang, bang!
Oh! Oh! Oh, no!
Oh, I'm dying!
I'm dying!
(groans)
Meantime, I'm running
a side business we started
doing short-term rentals
on our unit upstairs.
We call ourselves
the Artful Lodgers.
Mitchell, by any chance
when you were filling out
the new rental agreement,
did you forget to Mark no pets,
or, specifically, dogs?
(sneezes)
Oh, sorry, sorry, ooh!
You remember
the Donaldsons?
Oh.
This is
a Vanderkoff.
You know, s-some couples
might feel the strain
and take it out
on one another.
(Cockney accent)
But not the Artful Lodgers.
This morning was tough.
There, there.
And whenever you're ready,
there and there.
(girls screaming)
Whoa, whoa, whoa, girls.
No, no, no. Not a good time,
not a good time.
Wasn't Daddy supposed to be
driving you to our game?
Daddy's been a little bit busy
himself dealing with linens
that no guest has ever
called scratchy before.
Is there a way to
make the room not so cold?
Do you know what it's like
to wake up
next to your husband one morning
and he's cold as ice?
Yes.
(sobbing)
Yeah, I'll work on that
while you eat breakfast.
-Did you make the French toast?
-Yes, it's right on the counter.
That's French toast.
What's happening?
I wanted regular toast
for the French people.
Surely there was a better way
to describe that.
He's allergic to eggs,
Mitchell.
(coughing, wheezing)
Wh--
Okay, w-why did you eat that?
Why --
Why did he eat that?
Okay, maybe we should
finish this up another time.
And just so you know --
Ooh!
I do --
I do work on referrals.
Anyway, here is a room
you're going to love --
Your very own man ca--
Closet. Man closet.
Who loves, uh, basements?
That's a rhetorical question.
Have I got
a basement for you.
Watch your step
coming down.
Because
it's a finished basement,
you can actually
count the square --
Huh.
I don't think this house
is kid-friendly.
Well,
you said it yourself
when we were taking the towrope
up the driveway.
This -- This house looks like
a weird spaceship.
Kids love spaceships.
Don't they, Luke?
Yeah.
I remember one day,
I was around Luke's age,
and I wasn't all that happy
to be at Food Town,
but my dad
knew exactly what to do.
He gets on the P.A. and he says,
"Attention, shoppers,"
and then he hands the mike
to me.
I was like, "What?"
(chuckles)
"Uh, Red Wing peanut butter --
$1.69 for two."
(laughs)
He lost a lot of money
on that sale,
but it's a rush
I'll never forget.
It's like being on a submarine,
right?
(laughs)
You guys, uh,
fans of Tom Clancy?
Oh, uh, you know what?
Luke'll finish the tour.
It's the office.
It's not ringing.
This is your moment.
Hello?
Follow me, I guess.
How did we
get on the second floor?
Isn't it great?
There's
an imperceptible rise.
So you guys can either
reverse course
or take turns
sliding down the fireman's pole.
Luke'll show you.
Huh? Oh.
H-hang on.
But because you wouldn't let Mom
and Dad cry over you,
that emotion
is gonna build up
and explode
all over Luke and me.
I'm sorry.
I just couldn't wait.
Do you know how long I've been
dreaming about this day?
Leaving your family?
Don't turn it
into an insult.
I'm just
really ready for this.
I'm finally surrounded by
smart, curious people.
Okay.
So, I'm gonna go.
Hi!
You must be Alex.
I'm your roomie.
I'm Maisie.
My dad says it's short
for amazing, but it's not.
-Wait, I-I picked a different --
-Roommate, I know.
She got sick --
Well, she had a panic attack.
I can sympathize. I usually
get one right before my cycle.
Anyways, they denied her visa
and she's still in Norway.
"Help!
There's Norway out."
(laughs)
(whimpers)
Uh, how old are you?
Oh, I'm 15, but I've seen
four R-rated movies already.
I'm so excited
you're here.
Where should I put
my medicines?
Yeah, so you are good to go.
I'm fine.
Oh, not quite yet.
So, Maisie, do you
speak any languages?
Uh, sí, oui, da, ja, and
of course I also speak Wookiee.
(growls like
a wookiee)
Ahh!
This is gonna be so much fun!
HALEY: (squeals)
Yay!
(giggles)
They've been here 2 days
and they've used 18 towels,
yet the soap
is untouched.
What are they -- sloughing
each other clean like elephants?
Mitchell.
Great, you're here.
Coach Chuck
had a death in the family.
Oh, thank you so much for
remembering about the referrals.
I don't have a card on me
right now, but --
Oh, no.
He can't come, and since
you're the assistant coach,
you're in charge.
Oh. Oh.
Okay.
(chuckles)
Wow.
Think you're gonna be okay
with that?
Assistant coach, coach.
What's the big diff?
Well,
as an actual coach, um, diff.
Come on, today's about
being out in the fresh air,
forgetting about
our problems at home,
spending some quality time
with the family.
-You're right, you're right.
-Where is my family?
You don't think
they're standing us up, do you?
You know, when I saw Jay
at the grocery store
and asked him
if they were coming,
he took a sample meatball
and chewed it for a full minute
before he said yes,
so...
Oh!
You all are still here.
JAY: How often
do you break in here?
Does that explain
the white wine?
We fired a cleaning lady.
Listen, I thought
you guys
would already be
at Lily's soccer game,
and things have been
pretty emotional
at my house
this morning.
I just wanted
a couple hours by the pool.
Claire must have left the
ice bucket by the Jacuzzi, too.
I will write the cleaning lady
a letter.
How'd you get out of
Lily's game?
I lied and said that Alex
was leaving for school today,
which turned out to be true,
so I'm off the hook.
You guys let me know
what I miss.
(telephone rings)
Could you get that?
Yello?
MITCHELL: Claire?
What are you doing there?
We've been waiting --
Oh, God,
oh, God, oh, God.
I don't believe this.
They want more towels.
What are they, midwives?
Here.
(telephone rings)
Just ignore it.
(cellphones ring)
How many phones
does he have?
Pick up. Anybody.
I --
You know,
I could get more phones.
Could I--
(cellphones ringing)
He's never gonna stop.
Mitchell, hi.
Hey, can't talk.
I'm just leaving my house
right now with Alex.
I know
you're at Dad's house.
Yeah, okay. Um, look.
I didn't want to say anything.
Dad got in an accident.
He's fine. Nothing
to worry about, but I got to go.
Bye.
That was pathetic.
(cellphone rings)
Let me show you
how it's done.
Hello, Mitchell.
MITCHELL: So I hear
my dad had a little accident?
Yes, of course, well, the
accident that your father had
is that actually
he shot himself in the foot.
Trust me.
He believed me.
You're not listening to any
phone ringings right now,
are you?
So, this is turning into
a whole group thing
by the pool.
Our pool.
Um, you guys,
I just got a text from Cam.
Give me that.
"Gosh, I sure do hope
Jay's all right.
It's unbelievable something
like that could have happened."
You're welcome.
Fantastic.
It's perfect.
We're all good.
Well, you guys,
you might want to listen again,
only this time,
I'll be Cam.
(sarcastically) "Gosh, I sure do
hope Jay is all right."
It's unbelievable something
like this could happen."
We're screwed.
Okay, they're coming,
but can you believe
they were gonna bail?
Keep your -- Keep
your eyes down. Eyes down.
Have we missed a single one
of their kids' events?
And it's not like
we don't have
a million things going on
right now.
Follow through!
Yeah, like when we had to
sit through that
sanitized fifth-grade production
of Rent
where they all got
head colds?
Keep your leg straight.
Keep your leg straight for me.
Cam,
can you not do that?
What?
Well, it's just that, you know,
I'm kind of coach, so --
It just seems weird
that this is the time
that you're trying to
help me.
Okay, and in what way
am I not helpful?
Okay, well, when I'm with
a bereaved client, say,
and you decide that
that's the perfect moment
for a scenery-chewing
death scene.
Unlike the tremendous help
you've been to me
running the Artful Lodger.
You couldn't even
register the domain name.
I never liked that name,
anyways.
And there it is.
Oh, oh,
I see what this is.
What?
Jealousy.
Yeah! Yeah.
Oh!
'Cause your football team
can't seem to win,
but here I am 4-0.
Yeah.
Okay, please.
This is
little girls' soccer.
It's not even
a real sport.
(parents gasp)
Excuse me?
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to
ask you to leave.
Oh, no,
I was just --
Let's not
do this the hard way.
It's the worst
of everything.
Mm.
We have to
go to the damn game.
Mm.
And they're never gonna believe
any of our excuses
in the future,
even if they're real.
Unless...
Why do you do that?
Why do you say "unless"
and then pause?
Just finish the thought.
Unless Jay really gets
shot in the foot.
Oh, boy.
I can't believe I'm saying this,
once again,
in only seven years of marriage,
but please put the gun down.
Don't be a baby.
It's a pellet gun.
It's just going to be
a little nick on the side,
and then
we go to the game.
They're gonna see
that it's true.
They're gonna feel horrible
because they didn't believe us,
and then we don't have to
go to anything for a whole year.
Mm.
I have to say,
it makes sense.
No, it doesn't!
Why don't I just bandage my foot
up and limp on in there?
No, no, no, no, no.
It has to be real because
if they catch us faking it,
it's going to be worse.
Please don't
point the gun at me.
Okay, all right, all right.
You heard my dad.
Put the gun away.
We just --
We'll have to
think of something else.
What to do?
Shoot, shoot, shoot.
Okay,
I'll put the gun away.
(pop!)
Ow!
Oh!
No!
You did that on purpose!
Ow!
I wasn't even looking!
I turned my back on you.
I'm so sorry!
Watch the sippy cup.
(pop!)
I hope
you're a heavy-metal fan,
because all the heavy metals
are going
right here
above your trophy.
Oh, hey, cool.
Maisie.
So, I heard they're giving out
mailbox keys downstairs,
and I was thinking maybe
you could pick up both of ours?
Sure thing, friend!
What a day --
I've got a mailbox and a friend!
You sure do.
Could you try
not to enjoy this so much?
This is me trying.
This ends now.
What are you doing?
What do you think I'm doing?
I'm getting rid of her.
I'm calling my advisor
and getting a new roommate.
Hey!
No, give that back.
Need I remind you
I am a yellow belt?
Ugh, I can't keep track of
all your ugly belts,
but I don't think
you should change roommates.
Listen, as much as you're
my go-to girl on college advice,
I really --
Oh, my God.
Would you just shut up
for a second?
Here's the thing --
I had a similar experience
with a roommate.
She was this
annoying little know-it-all
who totally
got on my nerves.
Yeah, I get it.
Oh, shh!
I spent a long time
trying to get rid of her
until I realized that
that little girl,
in her own way,
put me on a pedestal.
It felt great.
You just landed
in a world of superstars,
and I know you'd never
admit it, but you're scared.
It's not the worst thing to have
your own personal cheerleader.
I miss mine already.
Well,
I guess my five seconds is up.
You don't often see
a 5/8 bathroom,
but they're
highly sought after.
The deal's in the bag,
kid.
I'm just gonna wrap it up,
and then we bounce.
And then we bounce.
Trampoline park.
How are you not
high-boinging me right now?
Oh, I was thinking of
maybe meeting up with my crew
at the pier.
Sure thing.
After we tramp.
Fine.
After a while, I stopped hanging
out with my dad at the store.
I got busy with cheer practice,
and I guess pyramids of oranges
don't seem so great
after you've built
pyramids out of man.
I don't know if it bothered him
that I stopped coming around,
but if it did,
he never let it show.
All right.
Let's do this.
Actually, I think I, uh --
I twisted my ankle
jumping out of the way in
that room full of Murphy beds.
I probably shouldn't
get on a trampoline.
You should go
hang out with your friends.
Really?
Yeah.
Might be faster
if they come get you, though.
I should do
one more sweep of the house.
I think
I lost the Blanstons.
Thanks, Dad.
Deuces.
Let's go, girls!
Uh, pass and move!
The players should
never be standing still!
The best defense
is good offense.
Well, now,
that can't be true.
(whistle blows)
Halftime!
Okay, good --
good half!
All right, we're down by three,
but that's okay.
Oh, hey, look.
Look who
finally showed up.
Not easily.
As you can see,
I have a severely injured foot.
Where is Cam?
Um, he --
He got banished by the ref.
Oh, how did that happen?
Be specific.
Who cares?
The important thing is I did,
in fact, shoot myself in the --
Save it.
Don't add insult to fake injury.
Fake.
Yeah.
Seriously?
Say hello
to his little toe.
Oh, my God.
You really -- Oh.
Shot myself in the foot.
Yeah, it was so scary.
Sí.
Oh, and the blood.
There was so much blood.
Oh, but you guys --
You still showed up anyway.
Of course!
Without a doubt.
Mommy shot Jay.
I'm sorry, what?
I thought you said --
Yeah, mommy shot Jay.
Aunt Claire said, "Shoot him."
Dad.
You would rather take a bullet
than support your granddaughter?
This was really
Gloria's idea.
I'm surrounded
by rats.
Mitchell,
listen to me.
I know "I'm sorry"
barely covers it,
but it's very difficult
for me to come here today
and watch little girls
playing soccer
on the same day that
my little girl left for college.
JAY: Well, me too.
I mean, watching
my little grandbaby go off --
Don't
jump on my thing.
DEBBIE:
Sorry to interrupt.
So, the parents
and nannies voted,
and we're going to
relieve you of your command.
Oh,
but I'm the coach, so --
I'm the coach now.
Oh, whoa.
Glad you got here
in time to see that.
(cellphone rings)
(sighs)
It's not funny, Claire.
Hey, Cam.
Where are you?
In the parking lot
with binoculars.
What --
When did --
When did you buy
an Army jacket?
Not him, to the left.
Oh, hi.
So you let Debbie
take your whistle?
Well, yeah, I can't blame her.
I'm a terrible coach.
I mean,
I'm sorry i-i pushed you away.
No, no, no.
You hush up.
I'm the one who's sorry.
You know what?
I've been trying to
pretend like
the pressure hasn't
gotten to me, but it has.
Oh, my God.
Me too.
I -- I always thought
we were that couple
that could rise above
tough times, you know?
I just --
I don't want to feel like
there's
distance between us.
What? Sorry, you're --
Say that again.
You're breaking up.
I didn't hear you.
What? Huh?
What? T-There you are.
(whistle blows)
REFEREE: Second half, girls.
Oh, God. Okay.
Intermission's over. I got to --
Okay, listen up, Bub.
You go get your team back.
We need this.
You're gonna get us a win today.
How?
Just go
get your whistle back.
Look at me.
We got this.
Okay, so we're down by three,
but --
Hi!
Hey!
So, I got this from here, so --
(scoffs)
What do you think you're doing?
What I was born to do.
I am a coach, damn it.
(grunts)
Oh, God.
I'm so sorry.
That came off
so much easier when you did it.
As our history with
costume parties has taught us --
We shine brightest
when we work as a team.
Yeah.
Okay, have the forwards form
a triangle, spread the defense.
Okay, uh, forwards,
form a triangle.
Spread the defense.
By late in the half,
we had tied the score.
Proving once again, the
best offense is a good defense.
That's like saying
the best hat is a shoe.
Okay, with 10 seconds left,
Lily was open on the wing.
Now have her
pass to Lily.
Pass to Lily!
She passed to Lily.
I can see.
Oh!
(whistle blows)
What?! Yes! Yes! Yes!
REFEREE: That's game.
Whoo, whoo!
That was me.
I did that.
CLAIRE: Uh-oh.
That was him!
He did that.
It does feel different
without her here.
Yep.
Pretty quiet
without Luke here, too.
Did he say
what time he's coming home?
Soon, I'm sure.
Oh, he left you something.
"Thanks for letting me see
that crazy house today.
Feel like building one ourselves
tomorrow?"
What?
He went back
for the duck eggs.
We found these eggs
out in front of the house.
Yeah, honey. I-I-I got it.
I got it.
I know the two of you
well enough.
I can connect the dots.
But you just
really helped me out.
Who are you --
(stammers)
ALEX: Again, Mom?
Alex, I know you said
not to call
unless it was very important,
but this is.
I need to know everything you
can tell me about baby ducks.
♪♪
Ow, that stings!
This is so not sexy.
Okay, so we all agree.
Everybody gets a free pass
once a year to miss a kid event.
Ooh, I heard Luke
might be forming a boy band,
so I want to
get out in front of that.
Great!
That means you'll be available
for my one-man
quick-change version
of Seven Brides
for Seven Brothers.
I'm gonna change my vote.
Yeah, put me down
for missing that, too.
No,
but you don't understand.
I-I play all the brides
and all the brothers.
Make it three.
But you'll come,
right, Jay?
-- Captions by VITAC --